hi the company of ladies weary
the live models of the dijon zenith
Burgundy
so we end up for our famous
press conference company but there
we are but overworked is so it happens
from all my colleagues I have no faith
me it's good but we must continue
must follow so it's bliss job
is not uninteresting but the vision
with my mother to saga follow these things there
low do not care deep peace funds
and sadi the blond riffs
watch out because I guess and we have
beloved Germanic canvas curb the
first question rather Rennes because
I was waiting for a value
rely on the spot it will be good for the
museum through I had to stick to the football the
first question what is there
in the news right now
frankly do you figure are we talking
a lot of sarkozy to people are only
certainly why must believe that
no
we swim and that's the excellent inc and where
Jean-Jacques de Montbéliard Bernadette
chirac sold the wick on the return
imminent of nikos there the nicolas sarkozy
your think you and oh well I think back
that anyway the old you can not
count on at 100 to hold their
tongue and folding elsewhere there was
promised nothing iran not open
it's more what it was
news rulers and when I think
that calais of first lady
a Genevese counter in Fontenay had
been miss france a david is
shareholder one's shoulder joke along
but the meat is ultimately the meat
it gets better in fridges
but just like the planet on
days, well, meat is faster
so I stop myself I saw the day at the
tv google apps is a follower at the
press created blow of old
al ahly yellow teeth it's worse than these
stolen pieces jean marie on jacquot his
husband is going to be common as the other says
is he ready for the blow to pass them in
motion mode or three movements against
bourgoin between fashion and even where joe
reindeer would weigh these points I think
at half-mast went along the no
come from dissolved fis
it makes me sad to see him
like that to poor jacquot him him who
was so beautiful comfortable address at bing
the power that we are not already
owl what is it like
hold on to the cream he has ever allowed wali
launched the president anyway at the goal c
is not because you have the left that you
your shot 1 confirms well
yes then my little christian we're going
chaining another small question
maybe we always have the reactions
on sarkozy the short answer because
that we have it at the baule and laughed the baths
final and there my little christian michel
barrels to tell us what date
announced for tonton michel this name
will not have the good departments of which
Michel when I'm looking for the rate
long lease you see it's time to
change of scale date to date a cause
at the same time you make me deceive
that of tuna asks for my sushi
vichery jean françois copé said that
nicolas sarkozy was probably the most
able to represent the ump at
presidential election in 2017
what do you think the Buddha
hilali baseball saliments only drop
I think it is clear that the day
they must have flair he has found
others flee copied a set with
the polar animals finally this valve
or short answers a game rises
and after the cairo m how are you
stop net
we're going to end up hurting people the
brother here are my children the ben we go on
will find them our audience
bourguignon all summer we will meet again
in a few days but in normandy
trade the rsa will be at the zenith of caen
bout of Juan the pines according to the weather
we will have in the meantime
send you comment on a calf
happy marriage
it grows every time they
would come to decide and then all that to
go we'll go there otherwise I hope we
will have 3 or bench as the last
time on the bench at the edge of the German
Burgundy can you do it
you there
lalala lalala lalala lips